university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety 2022 annual security and fire safety report for years 2019-2021  university of south carolina 2022 annual security and fire safety report for calendar years 2019-2021 public & safety statistics for the columbia campus the report 5 annual disclosure of crime statistics and preparing the report 6 the division of law enforcement and safety about the division 7 enforcement authority and training 8 interagency cooperation 8 reporting criminal incidents and other emergencies reporting to the division of law enforcement and safety 11 campus security authorities 12 emergency call boxes 12 daily crime log 12 sexual assault , domestic violenc e , dating violence , relationship violence and stalking what is consent ? 14 definitions of sexual a ssault , domestic violence , dating violence , and stalking 15 interpersonal violence : acts of relationship violence including domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault , stalking , and harassment 15 criminal investigation 16 rights of victims 16 university administrative inquiries 17 office of civil rights and title ix 17 office of student conduct and academic integrity 17 rights of the accuser 18 rights of the accused 18 possible sanctions 19 no contact letters and restraining orders 19 notification of outcomes 20 appeals 20 sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention office ( savip ) 21 guidelines for assistance for sexual assault victims 22 sexual assault , relationship , and dating violence programs 22 gamecocks stand up – bystander accountability program 23 changing carolina peer leaders 23 savip presentations and training 23 confidential reporting of crime and other serious incidents 25 crime prevention role of dles in crime prevention 27 role of housing staff in crime prevention 28 training for housing staff 28 crime prevention education for residential students 28 other crime prevention programs 29 monitoring and recording criminal activity including off-campus organizations access to campus facilities 31 residence halls 31 classrooms 31 libraries and other public buildings 31 athletic stadiums , coliseums , and arenas 31 garages/parking lots 31 general campus 32 security considerations in the maintenance of campus facilities 32 missing resident students reporting a missing student 34 courtesy and student welfare inspections 34 timely warning notic es ( crime alerts , campus safety advisories , and their distribution ) policies for making timely warning reports to members of the campus community 36 circumstances for which a warning will be issued 36 ways warnings are disseminated 37 emergency response , notifica tion , and evacuation activation a uthority 39 confirmation of an emergency 39 determining where on campus to send notifications 39 communication media 40 determination of message content 40 initiating the notification system 41 follow-up communication 41 disseminating information to the surrounding community 41 emergency notification tests 41 alcohol and drug policies and p rograms to prevent alcohol and drug abuse policy regarding the possession , use , and sale of alcoholic beverages 43 guidelines for students 43 policy regarding the possession , use , and sale of illegal drugs 44 substance abuse prevention and education 44 educational programs 44 criminal statistics how we compile these statistics 46 community crime map 46 sex offender data 46 crime data 46 criminal statistics for index crimes 48 criminal statistics for vawa offenses 48 criminal arrests for violations for illegal weapons , drugs , & alcohol 49 disciplinary referrals for illegal weapons , drugs , & alcohol 49 hate crimes 49 unfounded crimes 49 annual security and fire safety report fire log 51 education , training , drills , evacuation , reporting 51 portable electrical appliances and open flames 52 m isuse of fire alarms and safety equipment 52 plans for future improvement 52 fire alarm system monitoring and fire extinguishers 52 university residential facilities 53 fires at university residential facilities 53 university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety for calendar years 2019 -2021 annual security and fire safety report each year , the university of south carolina compiles and provides the annual security and fire safety report to current and future members of the carolina community . the division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) performs this task in compliance with the jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act , referred to as the “ clery act ” , and also in accordance with the division ’ s mission to create a safe and peaceful environment for all students , faculty , staff and visitors of the university of south carolina . the report the university of south carolina , columbia campus ’ annual security and fire safety report is compiled by the division of law enforce - ment and safety ( dles ) . the division takes great pride in protecting and serving the carolina community and is committed to the safety of all students , faculty , staff , and visitors . t he division works with departments , units and individuals throughout the university to ensure accurate information and statistics provided in this report . information concerning university policies may be found at http : //www.sc.edu/policies the information in this report was prepared by the university to make current and prospective students as well as employees aware of key policies and programs in place at the university that : ensure equitable treatment of all members of the university community ; maintain a safe campus environment ; and make vital information available in the event of an emergency the annual security and fire safety report is also published in compliance with federal law if you have any questions regarding the report or would like a printed copy , please contact dles at ( 803 ) 777-8400. page 5 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety annual disclosure of crime statistics and preparing the report dles is the primary university office responsible for preparing and distributing the annual security and fire safety report this report is for the columbia campus ; each campus is responsible for compiling and disclosing their individual reports to compile information for the annual security report , university offices collaborate with each other and external agencies , including local law enforcement agencies crimes that are reported in a specific area in and around university property are collected from collaborating agencies for statistics that are disclosed to the united states department of education . federal law mandates that the university publishes and discloses this report by the first of october each year this law is called the jeanne clery disclosure of campus security policy and campus crime statistics act . also referred to as the clery act , it was signed into law as part of the crime awareness and campus security act of 1990 . any current or future member of the university community and other interested members of the general community can obtain a physical or electronic copy by calling dles at ( 803 ) 777-8400 or visiting the “ annual clery report ” page at https : //bit.ly/3pn1egd page 6 annual security and fire safety report the division of law enforcement and safety university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety about the division the university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) is the primary law enforcement agency responsible for the safety of the university ’ s columbia campus . dles is operated and sustained by professionals in law enforcement , compliance and professional standards , environmental health and safety , and risk management . dles works diligently to protect the people and property of the university of south carolina and to uphold their values – human life , integrity , excellence and accountability the university ’ s columbia campus covers more than 400 acres downtown . if usc columbia were its own city , it would be the 13th largest city in the state based on the size of its enrolled students and staff dles is home to over 100 employees , including over 70 sworn police officers . dles is divided into three bureaus ; operations , support services , and administration . the operations bureau , the largest and most visible bureau , is responsible for traditional policing functions patrol officers provide a uniformed presence and respond to calls for service 24 hours a day , 365 days a year specialized units such as the bike patrol team and crime suppression unit are also a part of this bureau the support services bureau oversees the communications , technical operations and physical security ( tops ) , and investigations units . communications unit personnel take calls from 911 and the non-emergency line , dispatch police , monitor video and alarms . the tops unit install and maintain over 300 security cameras located across all usc campuses . criminal investigators are responsible for investigat - ing crimes . the administration bureau is responsible for the training of dles personnel , maintaining vital records , and evidence control this bureau is also home to the emergency management unit , which plans for and responds to natural and other disasters enforcement authority and training the police officers employed by dles are appointed and commissioned as state constables by the governor of south carolina , as pro - vided by south carolina law . they are empowered to enforce the laws of south carolina anywhere in the state , as well as arrest individuals anywhere in the state . dles officers complete twelve weeks of law enforcement instruction through the south carolina criminal justice academy . they receive at least 40 hours of continuing education every year , which exceeds the state ’ s minimum requirements . interagency cooperation dles works cooperatively with other law enforcement agencies in south carolina to promote the safety and security of the carolina community . with a downtown location covering many city blocks , there is an increased likelihood that a crime occurring in the metro - politan area of columbia may occur on campus . the university of south carolina ’ s columbia campus shares jurisdiction with other law enforcement agencies , including the city of columbia police department . dles maintains working relationships with local and state prosecutors , the court system , coroners ’ offices , and other investigative entities to ensure the ongoing safety and integrity of the carolina community there are specific events that may occur on campus , such as the death of a student , which would require dles to notify the south carolina law enforcement division ( sled ) . dles also participates in intelligence sharing associations with other area law enforcement agencies . ongoing collaboration between agencies enables dles to gather data , identify crime trends on and around campus , and provides a system for notifying the office of student conduct and academic integrity when off-campus student crimes or policy violations occur page 8 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . dles and other law enforcement agencies enter into memorandums of understanding ( mou ) for the purpose of best allocating resources for the protection of the communities the agencies serve . in particular , dles enters into mous with the city of columbia police department at times when the university leases significant portions of private housing facilities near the university so that the agencies may document which entity retains primary law enforcement jurisdiction over the leased property page 9 annual security and fire safety report reporting criminal incidents and other emergencies university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . . . reporting to the division of law enforcement and safety all on-campus crimes , suspicious activity , and safety concerns should be reported to dles as soon as possible there are several ways to make a report or contact law enforcement , depending on where you are located and what is occurring on-campus : call if you are experiencing an emergency or someone is badly injured and can not be easily transported , call 911 . for non-emergencies , call 803-777-4215 to have an officer come gather the information and collect any evidence or visit you may also visit dles at 1415 henderson street , columbia , south carolina . off-campus : call if you are the victim or witness to a crime off-campus , dial 9-1-1 and the law enforcement agency responsible for that jurisdiction will be contacted when you contact law enforcement , you will be asked questions about what happened , including : • your name and telephone number ; • the type of incident ; • the location of the incident of which you are reporting ; • a detailed description of the suspect ( s ) and his/her location or direction of travel ; • a detailed description of any vehicle involved in the incident ; and • any need for medical assistance rave guardian app : the university provides a free mobile app , rave guardian , to keep students , faculty and staff safer on and off campus . rave guardian , available at , turns any cell phone into a personalized protection network , connecting with university police during an emergency and enhancing safety through a virtual network of friends , family and campus law enforcement . among its features : • caller profiles : students , faculty and staff can set up complete profiles in rave guardian . by providing information about any medical conditions , course schedule , addresses , campus id photo and other critical data , it is easier for campus police to help in an emergency • panic calls : these instantly connect with usc police or with local 911 . if the call is placed to usc police , rave guardian automatically delivers the complete caller profile to telecommunications personnel • safety networks : safety timers notifies trusted “ guardians ” when the user doesn ’ t make it to a destination and deactivates the timer • anonymous crime tips : allows dispatchers to alert the appropriate agency page 11 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety campus security authorities campus security authorities ( csas ) are individuals and organizations associated with the university that must disclose reports of clery crimes to dles . csas include those who have significant responsibility for student activities csas can take reports of crimes from members of the university community who may not feel comfortable going directly to law enforcement , or who may come in contact with a csa before having a chance to go to law enforcement . an accuser/reporter that reports a crime to a csa does not have to prove that they were the victim or witness of a crime . any report received in good faith ( meaning without malice , and not based on rumor or hearsay ) by a csa must be reported to dles . each year dles sends a written request for statistical information to the following campus security authorities : • the vice president for student affairs and all csas who work for him/her ; • the provost and all csas who work for him/her ; • the general counsel and all csas who work for him/her ; • the vice president for human resources and all csas who work for him/her ; • the associate vice president of student affairs and all csas who work for him/her ; • the assistant vice president for civil rights and title ix and all csas who work for him/her ; • the athletics ’ director and all csas who work for him/her ; and • the director of student conduct and academic integrity and all csas who work for him/her emergency call boxes over 300 emergency call boxes are located in visible places on the usc columbia campus and are constantly monitored . emergency call boxes are topped with blue lights and give people on and around campus a fast way to contact dles in an emergency to activate , push the large button on the front of the call box . you will immediately be connected to a dles dispatcher . if you are unable to communicate , the dispatcher will send an officer to your location . if you are unable to stop and wait at the first call box you come to , continue moving after activating the call box . push the button on the next available call box , and continue activating call boxes as long as you encounter them . this allows dispatch to know which way you are traveling , so they may send assistance to your area . daily crime log dles provides a daily log of all criminal reports for public inspection , which is available online or request from the dles records unit located at 1415 henderson street , columbia , south carolina 29208.the daily crime log may be found at the dles webpage by selecting “ reports , logs , and bulletins ” daily crime log ” at https : //sc.edu/about/offices_and_divisions/law_enforcement_and_safety/index.php dles complies with federal law that prohibits the disclosure of the names of victims when publishing the daily crime log the daily crime log includes : the nature , date , time and general location of each crime ; and the disposition of the complaint , if known . page 12 annual security and fire safety report sexual assault , domestic violence , dating violence , relationship violence and stalking university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety all forms of assault , abuse , harassment and violence are not tolerated at the university of south carolina . there are confidential resources at the university and in the community to assist victims of interpersonal violence the university works to educate , inform , and advocate for the carolina community to end sexual assault , stalking , and relationship violence what is consent ? the university of south carolina defines consent as “ the clear , knowing , and voluntary , agreement to participate in mutually agreed-upon acts consent can be given by words and/or actions , as long as those words and/or actions create mutually understandable clear permission regarding willingness to engage in ( and the conditions of ) the sexual activity ” it is the responsibility of each party to determine that the other ( s ) has consented before engaging in the sexual activity the university of south carolina defines consent as permitting , approving , or agreeing to act under university policy cr 1.00 ( discrim- ination , harassment and sexual misconduct ) . university policy cr 1.00 is available at https : //www.sc.edu/policies/ppm/cr100.pdf for consent to take place , the following elements must be present : • both are clear about their intent to engage in sexual activities and their desire to do so is willing • both individuals are fully conscious • someone who is incapacitated can not consent • neither individual is impaired by drugs or alcohol to the extent they do not know the who , what , when , where , why , or how of the situation . • coercion , force , or threat of either cancels consent • consent to engage in one form of sexual activity does not provide consent to engage in any other form of sexual activity • past consent of sexual activities does not imply future consent • consent to engage in sexual activity with one person does not give consent to engage in sexual activity with someone else • the existence of a prior or current relationship does not , in itself , constitute consent ; even in the context of a relationship , there must be real time and mutual consent to sexual activity • consent can be withdrawn or modified at any time , and sexual contact must cease immediately once consent is withdrawn and clearly communicated • consent can not be inferred from the absence of a “ no ” • consent can not be inferred from silence , passivity , or lack of verbal or physical resistance . consent may not be given by an individual who has not reached the legal age of consent under applicable law page 14 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety definitions of sexual assault , domestic violence , dating violence , and stalking to help you better understand the policies outlined in this report , terms used in university policies on sexual assault and interpersonal violence are defined below additionally , definitions for similar terms and related statutes from the south carolina code of laws are provided for reference terminology and state law vary from university policy at times this creates circumstances where dles may not be able to bring criminal charges against an individual accused of violating university policy however , university policy outlines consequences for the accused perpetrator if they are a member of the university community , as well as protections for the accuser this process occurs in the presence or absence of criminal charges interpersonal violence : acts of relationship violence including domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault , stalking , and harassment domestic violence : for purposes of university policy cr 1.00 ( discrimination , harassment , and sexual misconduct ) and related procedures , this term refers to physical violence , threats of violence against another , threats of violence against individuals close to , pets of , or property belonging to an individual with a connection to a perpetrator as defined by university policy ro state law domestic violence is defined by south carolina state law , s.c. code ann . § 16-25-20 , as the unlawful causing of “ physical harm or injury to a person ’ s own household member ” or the “ offer or attempt to cause physical harm or injury to a person ’ s own household member with apparent present ability in circumstances reasonably creating fear of imminent peril . ” a “ household member ” includes a spouse , a former spouse , persons who have a child in common , cohabitants involved during a romantic relationship or those who formerly cohabitated during a romantic relationship dating violence : any act of violence or threats of violence committed by a person : 1. who is or has been in a social relationship of a romantic or intimate nature with the complainant ; and 2. where the existence of such a relationship will be determined based on a consideration of the following factors : the length of the relationship ; the type of relationship ; and the frequency of interaction between the persons involved in the relationship . dating violence is not a specific criminal violation in south carolina . however , the state does prohibit a number of physically violent actions to include homicide , manslaughter , and assault and battery in multiple degrees , which may be applicable stalking : a course of conduct directed at a specific person that would cause a reasonable person under similar circumstances or with similar identities to fear for their own safety or the safety of others or suffer substantial emotional distress . course of conduct means two or more instances , including but not limited to ; unwelcome acts in which an individual directly , indirectly , or through third parties , by any action , method , device , or means , follows , monitors , observes , surveils , threatens , or communicates to or about a person , or interferes with a person ’ s property . stalking includes the concept of cyber-stalking , a particular form of stalking in which electronic media such as the internet , social networks , blogs , cell phones , texts , or other similar devices or forms of contact are used . south carolina law , s.c. code ann . § 16-3-1700 , also prohibits stalking which is defined as a “ pattern of words , whether verbal written , or electronic , or a pattern ” of “ two or more acts occurring over a period of time , however short , evidencing a continuity of purpose ” that “ serves no legitimate purpose and is intended to cause and does cause a targeted person and would cause a reasonable person in the targeted person ’ s position to fear ” either “ ( 1 ) death of the person or a member of his family ; ( 2 ) assault upon the person or a member of his family ; ( 3 ) bodily injury to the person or a member of his family ; ( 4 ) criminal sexual contact on the person or a member of his family ; ( 5 ) kidnapping of the person or a member of his family ; or ( 6 ) damage to the property of the person or a member of his family ” non-consensual sexual contact ( offensive touching ) : the touching of an unwilling or non-consenting person ’ s intimate parts such as genitalia , groin , breast , buttocks , mouth , and/or clothes covering them ; the touching of an unwilling person with one ’ s own intimate parts ; or forcing an unwilling person to touch another ’ s intimate parts offensive touching falls generally within the clery crime category of “ forcible fondling ” sexual assault : any form of sexual contact that occurs without consent and/or through the use of force , threat of force , intimidation , incapacitation or coercion . sexual assault includes non-consensual sexual contact , non-consensual sexual penetration , incest and statutory page 15 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . rape . state criminal law defines a sexual assault generally as the unwilling , non-consensual penetration of any bodily opening with any object or body part that is committed by force , threat , intimidation , or through exploitation of another ’ s mental or physical condition of which the assailant was aware or should have been aware state law governing such actions is found in s.c. code ann . §16-3-600 and §16-3-652 to 655 . criminal investigation if survivors or witnesses want to file formal criminal charges against a perpetrator or request a criminal investigation , they can contact dles via 9-1-1 ; activate an emergency call box by pushing the large red button on the front ; contact law enforcement through the rave guardian app ; or call ( 803 ) 777-4215 for the 24-hour dispatch line . additionally , a victim may also request assistance from law enforce - ment if they are at a hospital to receive medical treatment for injuries that happened as the result of a crime . once a crime is reported , dles will send a uniformed officer and/or criminal investigator to the victim . dles criminal investigators receive special training in handling sexual assault cases and relationship-based crimes . dles may , in certain circumstances , request assis-tance from the south carolina law enforcement division ( sled ) , the state ’ s primary criminal investigative agency . in most cases , a dles victim advocate is there to help the survivor in a number of ways , such as explaining the investigative process ; putting them in contact with savip staff ; and providing any additional help the victim may have in their time of need rights of victims under south carolina law , victims have a number of rights , including : • the right to be treated with fairness , respect , and dignity , and to be free from intimidation , harassment , or abuse , throughout the criminal and juvenile justice process , and informed of the victim ’ s constitutional rights , provided by statute ; • the right to be reasonably informed when the accused or convicted person is arrested , released from custody , or has escaped ; • the right to be informed of and present at any criminal proceedings which are dispositive of the charges where the defendant has the right to be present ; • the right to be reasonably informed of and be allowed to submit either a written or oral statement at all hearings affecting bond or bail ; • the right to be heard at any proceeding involving a post-arrest release decision , a plea , or sentencing ; • the right to be reasonably protected from the accused or persons acting on his behalf throughout the criminal justice process ; • the right to confer with the prosecution , after the crime against the victim has been charged , before the trial or before any disposition and informed of the disposition ; • the right to have reasonable access after the conclusion of the criminal investigation to all documents relating to the crime against the victim before trial ; • the right to receive prompt and full restitution from the person or persons convicted of the criminal conduct that caused the victim ’ s loss or injury including both adult and juvenile offenders ; • the right to be informed of any proceeding when any post-conviction action is being considered , and be present at any post-conviction hearing involving a post-conviction release decision ; • the right to a reasonable disposition and prompt and final conclusion of the case ; and • the right to have all rules governing criminal procedure and the admissibility of evidence in all criminal proceed- ings protect victims ’ rights and have these rules subject to amendment or repeal by the legislature to ensure protec-tion of these rights page 16 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . .beyond these rights , dles provides additional assistance to crime victims , including : • providing a free copy of incident reports when requested ; • providing information about local victim assistance providers ; • informing them of how to be compensated by the state office of victim assistance ( sova ) and assistance in applying for compensation and other forms of assistance that may be available dles victim advocates are trained in assisting victims and can serve as liaisons for them following a crime they provide other forms of support and advocacy that make the criminal justice process less intimidating for victims university administrative inquiries in certain circumstances , students that engage in conduct that violates the university ’ s standards may be subject to the university ’ s adminis-trative process .t his process typically involves an investigation , conduct hearing , and potential disciplinary action by the university ’ s office of civil rights and title ix ( ocr ) and/or office of student conduct ( osc ) . a student may file a complaint directly with dles , ( ocr ) , or osc . however , in some cases , the process starts when a student seeks help from university health services ’ sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention office ( savip ) . beyond providing a wide range of assistance for victims , savip can assist a victim in the process of filing complaints with dles , ocr , and/or osc . more information regarding the assistance savip may offer is provided in this report office of civil rights and title ix through the office of civil rights and title ix ( ocr-tix ) , students , faculty , and staff may report incidents where members of the university community have experienced discrimination and/or harassment based on age , race , ethnicity , sex , gender , religion , national origin , disability , genetics , or veteran status ocr-tix also handles title ix complaints . recently , the united states department of education has emphasized that title ix requires universities to include sexual assaults , sexual harassment , sexual violence , and sexual misconduct involving members of the university community under their investigative authority title ix also prohibits retaliation against an individual who , in good faith , asserts his/her rights under title ix or other federal and state laws prohibiting discrimination . any student with a complaint of discrimination or discriminatory harassment should contact ocr-tix . students can file complaints against faculty , staff , other students , student organizations , and any entity doing business or associated with the university . if you believe you have experienced discrimination or harassment based on your status as a protected group , contact ocr-tix at ( 803 ) 777-3854 for assistance , or submit your information to ocr-tix using the “ report an incident ” option at https : //www.sc.edu/about/offices_and_divi-sions/civil_rights_title_ix/ c ertain employees and persons associated with the university must contact the ocr-tix if they receive a report from a student that has experienced harassment including but not limited to sexual misconduct , sexual violence , sexual assault , or any criminal behavior based on sex or discrimination.these persons with a duty to report include administrators , supervisors , department chairs , or person in a position of power over a student . failure to immediately report any title ix matter may result in disciplinary action against any person ( e.g. , administrators , faculty or staff members ) in a position of power over a student students or staff may file a complaint at https : //cm.maxient com/reporting.php ? univofsouthcarolina office of student conduct and academic integrity the office of student conduct and academic integrity ( osc ) is a university department designed to promote individual student development and a campus climate of civility and accountability this office encourages education and accountability by providing processes page 17 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety designed to uphold the behavioral expectations of the university ’ s code of conduct osc reviews a wide range of student violations of the code of conduct from alcohol violations to sexual assaults the investigation and possible prosecution of a university student in the criminal justice system does not prevent them from also being subject to civil sanctions imposed by the university the university holds students to the standards outlined in the code of conduct while they are on campus or any other location for as long as they remain students at the university osc may begin a student conduct investigation upon receiving information that a university student has violated the code of conduct typically osc receives such information from dles , savip , ocr-tix , or through a complaint filed by another student . university students are also required to notify osc within 72 hours after they have been arrested by a law enforcement agency other than dles . a complaint form may be submitted to osc online at https : //sc.edu/about/offices_and_divisions/student_conduct_and_academic_in- tegrity/make_a_report/ onc e a complaint is received , osc will meet with individuals thought to have relevant information , including the student who has been accused . osc will assess the code of conduct to determine which charges most closely meet the behaviors the student is accused of and offer the option of resolution through a conduct hearing or a carolina judicial council hearing hearings are conducted by officials who receive annual training on issues related to domestic violence , dating violence , sexual assault , and stalking these individuals and those assisting throughout the process receive annual training on conducting investigations and hearing procedures that protect the safety of victims and promote accountability to determine if a violation of the conduct of conduct has occurred , osc follows a standard referred to as a preponderance of evidence this standard is used by courts of law in civil cases . it must be demonstrated that the charged student is more likely than not to have violated the code of conduct rights of the accuser during the student conduct process , the victim has the following rights : • the right to be notified in writing of their rights in the conduct process ; • the right to be assisted by various campus entities including but not limited to savip , oscai , dles ; • the right to have an advisor of their choosing accompany them throughout the duration of the conduct process ; • the right to submit a victim impact statement to the hearing officer or council for consideration ; • the right to have their past behaviors excluded in a university conduct hearing where responsibility is being de- termined ; • the right to accommodations in giving testimony consistent with providing a safe atmosphere , and consistent with the rights of the accused ; • the right to be notified in writing of the final determination and any sanction imposed on the accused as a result of the conduct process ; • the right to receive a copy of the formal charges sent to the accused student ; • the right to be notified of the date , time , and place of hearings at least three university business days prior to the hearing ; • the right to have the hearing authority consider as an aggravating factor when sanctioning the perpetrator whether the perpetrator provided alcohol or other drugs in the commission of a sexual assault ; • the right to be notified of the findings and sanctions/outcome of the hearing within a timeframe close to that in which the charged student was notified ; • the right to appeal the outcome based on a due process error or on information that could not have been avail- able at the time of the hearing ; and • the right to changes in academic , living , transportation , or working situations to avoid a hostile environment page 18 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . rights of accused a student accused of violating the student code of conduct is afforded the following rights : • the right to be notified in writing of their rights in the conduct process ; • the right to be notified in writing of the charges against them with sufficient time to prepare for a hearing . in the event that additional charges are brought , a further written notice must be forwarded to the student ( s ) or student organization ( s ) . the student ( s ) or student organization ( s ) may waive the right to separate written notice of additional charges in order to expedite the hearing process ; • the right to be notified of the date , time , and place of formal hearings at least three university business days prior to the hearing ; • the right to know the nature and source of the information used in a hearing process this includes the right to review all documents and exhibits to be introduced at a hearing as well as a list of witnesses asked to testify at the hearing , upon the student ’ s request ; • the right to present information on one ’ s behalf ; • the right to elect not to appear at the hearing , in which case the hearing shall be conducted in the absence of the charged party ( ies ) ; • the right to refuse to answer any questions or make a statement . however , the hearing authority may draw infer - ences from this refusal ; • the right to present questions for the witnesses to answer the hearing officer/council may rule on relevance of these questions ; and • the right to be accompanied by an advisor throughout the hearing process the accused ’ s advisor , with written permission of the charged student ( s ) or student organization ( s ) , may : • advise the accused regarding preparation for the hearing ; • accompany the accused to all conduct proceedings ; and/or • have access to information to be introduced at the hearing advisors are not permitted to participate directly in the hearing process , or to speak for the charged student ( s ) or student organization ( s ) . possible sanctions the osc disciplines students who violate the code of conduct based on the details in each individual case . sanctions range from a written warning to suspension or possible expulsion from the university possible sanctions for violations involving sexual assault , domestic violence , relationship violence , hazing , harassment , stalking or other violent crimes are : • issuing a no contact letter ; • campus restrictions ( e.g. , from the victim ’ s residence hall ) ; • conduct probation ; • assessment with a counseling agency ; • removal from university housing ; • suspension ; and/or • expulsion . these sanctions are separate from any criminal charges or sentences imposed against the student in criminal court page 19 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . . . . no contact letters and restraining orders a no contact letter is an official university notice from the office of student conduct and academic integrity ( osc ) restricting two university students from initiating contact with each other . requests for no contact letters usually come from students , and require that both students adhere to the notice a benefit of the no contact letter is that if it is violated , osc may levy sanctions against the offender , removing the burden from the accuser violations of a no contact letter are violations of the student code of conduct and will be punished by the osc . although a no contact letter may be ordered during the hearing process , it is not necessary to have a hearing before one is issued a student who expresses fear for their safety and the potential for danger if the alleged perpetrator is within geographic proximity should always apply for a restraining order any usc student can request a no contact letter ; however , both involved parties must be usc students the student initiating the request will meet briefly with a staff member in the office of student conduct and academic integrity . during this meeting , the staff member will review the parameters of the no contact letter and provide the student with the letter , explaining its stipulations . students are not obligated to tell the staff member why they are requesting a no contact letter , as the student may not have decided to report a violation/crime students interested in requesting a no contact letter may contact the office of student conduct and academic integrity at 803-777- 4333 . savip and dles are also available to help facilitate this process . beyond a no contact letter , a student may obtain a restraining order from a court of law to get protection from someone who is harass-ing or stalking them . a restraining order is a civil order and does not appear on a person ’ s criminal record . however , if the accused violates the restraining order , they can be arrested . a restraining order can be granted for up to one year . the university can not issue a restraining order , only a no contact letter to obtain a restraining order , an individual must complete a complaint and motion for restraining order and submit it to the magistrate ’ s office in the county where the victim lives or where the harassment/stalking has taken place the savip office and dles are available to help assist with the application process and provide support for students who pursue this option . notification of outcomes the alleged student accused and the alleged victim are notified simultaneously at the osc hearing and in writing of the outcome of the proceeding appeals both an accused student and alleged victim may appeal the outcome of the osc hearing . if one student submits an appeal , the other student in the osc case will be notified the other student will have five university business days to submit an appeal if he/she chooses after the five days , the appeal ( s ) will be sent to the vice president of student affairs and academic support for consideration at which time all appeal opportunities are closed hearing outcomes from the office of student conduct and academic integrity or designee ( including the carolina judicial council ) that meet the criteria for appeal must be submitted via an appeal form within five university business days from the date the decision letter is received the osc will forward it with a response memorandum to the vice president of student affairs an appeal may be made for one or both of the following reasons : • a procedural error was committed that has significantly prejudiced the findings of the hearing council ; page 20 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . . .or • new evidence that could not have been available at the time of the hearing and would have a significant effect on the outcome of the case becomes available decisions not appealed within five university business days are final . both the charged student and accuser will be notified simultaneously and in writing of the outcome of the appeal or any changes to the decision or withdrawal of an appeal by either party sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention office ( savip ) sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention ( savip ) is housed in student health services and is located on the second floor of the thomson building . savip provides 24/7 confidential interpersonal violence advocacy for anyone on the uofsc-columbia campus who is impacted by sexual harassment and assault , relationship violence ( all forms of relationships ) , stalking and harassment . savip also provides primary prevention education on topics that include but are not limited to healthy relationships , consent , bystander intervention , and survivor support advocacy services offered include : • 24/7 access to confidential interpersonal violence advocates ; • academic assistance ; • hospital and meeting & hearing accompaniment ; • temporary alternative housing ; • safety planning ; • consultation ; and • referrals assistance to other campus and community resources students , staff and faculty who are impacted by any type of interpersonal violence can request any of the services listed above to prevent unnecessary or unwanted contact with their assailant , when reasonably available a major role of savip is to provide 24/7 on-call services to assist students , faculty and staff in addition to prevention education to all students , faculty and staff on campus regarding sexual assault and all forms of interpersonal violence the staff regularly provide workshops and training sessions for university faculty and staff , residential student staff , academic classes , and student organizations savip staff and trained peer educators provide workshops to students , particularly through university 101 classes offered to first-year students .topics include bystander accountability , healthy relationships , consent , survivor support , stalking , relationship/dating violence , and sexual assault savip provides survivors options for counseling , medical treatment ( if needed ) , and reporting . sexual assault survivors may have the option to complete a sexual assault forensic exam at a local emergency room ( recommended hospital is prisma health richland , located at 5 medical park dr. , columbia , sc 29203 ) ; survivors who may be interested in this option are encouraged to call savip at 803-777-8248 ( this is a crisis line and is in operation 24/7 , with the exception of winter break ) and a confidential advocate can review the survivor ’ s options if a survivor chooses a forensic exam , a savip advocate can provide accompaniment to the emergency room . savip advocates also review reporting options that include law enforcement and the office of civil rights and title ix . for law enforcement reporting , survivors must report in the jurisdiction in which the crime occurred they may report to the ocrtix office if a uofsc student , staff , or faculty member is the alleged respondent savip staff provides support and assistance for students that pursue disciplinary procedures and file criminal charges ” if you have any questions about services mentioned or would like to receive additional information , call sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention at 803-777-8248 ( available 24/7 ) or go to the thomson building during business hours ( 8:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. during fall & spring semesters , 8:30 a.m.-4:30 p.m. during summer & other breaks ) and one of the advocates in the office will be able to provide assistance . page 21 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . information and resources for those impacted by interpersonal violence can be found at https : //bit.ly/2jx6vdx guidelines for assistance for sexual assault victims if you or someone you know is sexually assaulted : • get to a safe place as soon as you can , and call 911 to contact emergency services if needed or to call an ambulance if you believe you may be seriously injured ; you may call savip ( 24/7 ) at ( 803 ) 777-8248 to receive sup - port and discuss options for immediate care and for reporting , if that is what the survivor wishes . a savip advocate can provide accompaniment to the hospital if that is what the survivor wants • try to preserve physical evidence . do not wash , use the toilet , or change clothing if you can avoid it . if you do change clothes , put all clothes you were wearing at the time of the assault in a paper , not plastic bag • get medical attention as soon as possible to make sure you are physically well and to permit collection of import - ant evidence in the event you may later wish to take legal action . • contact a law enforcement agency to report the assault • talk with an advocate or counselor who will maintain confidentiality , help explain your options , give you informa- tion , and provide emotional support • contact someone you trust for initial and ongoing support if an individual does not want to file a criminal complaint with dles , they may still seek restorative justice by filing a complaint directly with the office of civil rights and title ix and inquiring with savip about their options . help and support are always available through savip , counseling and psychiatry services , and other community resources sexual assault , relationship , and dating violence programs the university of south carolina prohibits dating violence , domestic violence , sexual assault , and stalking to raise awareness of those issues and to assist survivors of such violence , the university offers a number of resources to the campus community the university utilizes a website to inform the campus community of issues involving interpersonal violence , including sexual assault the website www.sc.edu/interpersonalviolence is a one-stop destination for interpersonal violence resources , to include interpersonal violencet prevention and education programs and resources for survivors one of the primary university support units dealing with all forms of interpersonal violence is sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention ( savip ) . savip is located in the thomson building . its advocates offer support and services to students , faculty , and staff who are survivors of interpersonal violence which includes sexual assault , attempted sexual assault , relationship/dating violence , domestic violence , stalking , and/or harassment savip provides educational programming and training throughout the year ( see below for a list of programs and trainings ) . savip also coordinates annual campus-wide campaigns to raise awareness and promote prevention of interpersonal violence notable campaigns include relationship violence awareness in october , stalking awareness in january , and sexual assault awareness in april savip recognizes relationship violence awareness month ( rvam ) with events designed to increase awareness about intimate partner violence as a major social issue . rvam events include tabling and educational sessions designed to raise awareness of dating and relationship violence , how to recognize warning signs , as well as how to foster healthy relationships , and how to find services for those impacted by relationship violence savip recognizes stalking awareness month with tabling and educational events aimed at fostering understanding about stalking and harassment they educate the university community about stalking methods , including the use of technology , the rave guardian app , options for those who are stalked and how to find services for those impacted by stalking savip recognizes sexual assault awareness month ( saam ) with events aimed at fostering understanding the effects of sexual assault while promoting a culture of healing and accountability . saam events encourage members of the university community to utilize bystander intervention methods to prevent sexual assault and other forms of interpersonal violence through education , campaigns , and bystander accountability , savip actively seeks to foster a carolina community of respect , trust , equality , and healthy relationships page 22 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . gamecocks stand up – bystander intervention program savip promotes bystander accountability through gamecocks stand up , bystander intervention education that includes four bystander intervention strategies and resources on and off-campus for those involved in harmful or negative situations the scope of gamecocks stand up is diverse , offering informational material , training for students , faculty , and staff , classroom presenta- tions , and outreach events . a “ bystander ” is a person who observes a situation or event but is not directly involved in it . for example , if you ’ re walking down the sidewalk and see two cars collide but you don ’ t get involved you are a bystander to the event . at the other end of the spectrum are “ active bystanders ” these are people who notice a harmful situation is about to happen , is currently happening or has already happened , and then they make a conscious decision to step in and intervene . in the previous scenario , an active bystander would see the collision but stop to call uscpd and report the incident changing carolina peers leaders changing carolina peer leaders ( ccpl ) program is a student-run organization that works to educate , advocate for , and engage with peers by connecting students to on-campus resources . students work toward inclusive and diverse programs on sexual health , healthy relation-ships , mental health , and general wellness to promote health equity for all members of the campus community . chang ing carolina peer leaders is a member group of the national peer education student organization bacchus initiatives of naspa . savip presentations and training other presentations given by savip staff , graduate students , and peer educators include : healthy relationships , communication , and consent : designed for university 101 classes , this presentation covers consent and healthy relationship characteristics ; warning signs of unhealthy relationships , definitions of the three types of interpersonal violence ( sexual assault , relationship/intimate partner violence and stalking ) ; the relationship between alcohol and sexual assault ; and resources on campus for interpersonal violence survivors how to support a survivor : this presentation includes an in-depth overview of savip services , strategies to assist interpersonal violence survivors , and on- and off-campus resources for interpersonal violence survivors trauma 101 : this three-session workshop series aims to provide a different and more comprehensive way to think about trauma as the process of becoming flooded with overwhelming stress from a variety of causes the modules focus on the neurobiology of trauma , internal and cultural factors that inhibit discussion of traumatic events , and coping and support skills sapu : an online sexual assault prevention education course that presents realistic and interactive skill-building scenarios .all incoming students are required to complete the sapu and alcohol edu courses page 23 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety page 24 annual security and fire safety report confidential reporting of crime and other serious incidents university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . victims and witnesses can receive confidential services through the counseling and psychiatry department ( 803 ) 777-5223 , student health services , and savip ( 803 ) 777-8248 ( 24/7 ) . savip staff can explain the reporting process , the rights of victims and witnesses , and options . confidentiality will be maintained when speaking to any of these offices , except under very rare circumstances other university personnel , however , may have reporting and response obligations university staff , depending on their role , may be required to share information regarding sexual harassment or misconduct with administrative authorities for investigation and follow up . the university wishes to support students who have experienced assault , harassment , or abuse in pursuing justice to the extent possible the university will protect the confidentiality of an alleged victim by not disclosing the alleged victim ’ s information to anyone outside the university to the maximum extent permitted by law the university must balance a victim ’ s request for confidentiality with its responsi-bility to provide a safe and non-discriminatory environment for the university community when the university can not take disciplinary action against someone accused of discrimination or harassment because of a victim ’ s wish for confidentiality , the university will pursue other steps to limit the effects of the alleged sexual misconduct and attempt to prevent its recurrence . savip can provide safe and confidential support , explain common reactions to crises , and discuss coping methods that may assist immediately following the assault and later . savip advocates will not reveal the victim ’ s identity to anyone without the victim ’ s permission except under very limited exceptions ( e.g . if an immediate threat to the victim or others is present , if the alleged is a repeat offender , or if the victim is a minor ) . mandatory reporters are afforded the opportunity to submit a report through the office of civil rights and title ix office of equal opportunity program ’ s website . however , the reporter should know that , during the course of an investigation , his/her identity may be discovered . if that occurs , the reporter will receive the same confidentiality safeguards offered to those who make a formal report . reports submitted through any of the entities listed above are included in the university ’ s annual security and fire safety report anonymous tips regarding criminal activity can be made to the midlands crimestoppers by dialing 1-888-crime-sc or by visiting http : //www.midlandscrimestoppers.com . individuals may also use the rave guardian app to send anonymous tips or to provide law enforcement with concerns regarding suspicious activity . dles does not generally investigate anonymous allegations of criminal activity outside of crimestoppers and the rave guardian app . anonymous tips without further corroboration are not included in the university ’ s annual security and fire safety report the university does not have procedures to encourage pastoral or professional counselors to inform persons they are counseling of how to report clery crimes on a voluntary , confidential basis for inclusion in the university ’ s annual security and fire safety report . the universi- ty does not prohibit pastoral or professional counselors from doing so when those individuals deem such advice appropriate . the university ’ s annual security and fire safety report does not include personal identifying information of victims or reporters . further , south carolina law prohibits the publication of the name of a sexual assault victim . page 25 annual security and fire safety report crime prevention university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . . role of dles in crime prevention the division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) conducts crime prevention and safety presentations throughout the year to faculty , staff and students . additionally , dles distributes educational and crime prevention materials at display tables during campus events throughout the year . this also provides opportunities for students to ask questions , register property , and obtain important safety informa- tion . the following programs are designed to inform students and employees about the prevention of crimes : • residential safety and security : methods of securing resident living space both on-campus and off-campus and the process of reporting suspicious activity and people • building safety and security : methods and procedures for keeping the workplace and classroom safe and the process of reporting suspicious activity and persons • garage/parking lot safety : precautions for preventing theft and vandalism of parked vehicles and risk reduction to increase personal safety in and around garages and parking lots • campus safety : general and specific methods of personal protection and risk reduction . identifies areas that are safe for the community , identifies tools available to enhance personal safety , and the outlines the process of reporting suspicious activity and individuals • workplace violence prevention : identifies the warning signs of potential workplace violence and preventive mea- sures • project id : offers free engraving for personal and university property . dles also maintains a database of en- graved items . • project s.t.o.p . : offers bicycle registration . • women ’ s self defense workshops : increases recognition and response to potentially dangerous situations , in- creasing confidence in everyday activities and encouraging risk reduction practices the university ’ s sexual assault and violence intervention & prevention ( savip ) office has partnered with dles to offer a women ’ s self defense workshop . call 777-8248 to sign up to get more information about these programs or to schedule a program , contact the dles community relations unit at 803-777- 4215 . t he dles office of crime prevention also assists in providing safety education to all incoming freshmen and new students through university 101 ( u101 ) . dles assigns police officers to specific campus areas and buildings through the community resource officer program . community resource officers ( cros ) interact with students and residence life staff , offering direct support from a familiar face , providing educational programs , serving as mentors the cros use community policing and problem solving to address quality-of-life issues and build positive relationships that help students understand how the resources we offer can help keep them and their property safe residential communities are a priority under the cro program with cros assigned to academic and administrative buildings as staffing allows these officers build partnerships and improve safety by attending community meetings ( residence hall meetings , employee safety committees , etc . ) and by making positive community contacts and disseminating crime trend and safety information . cros pay special attention to their assigned communities and actively solicit input and information from community members on perceptions of crime and safety issues page 27 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . role of housing staff in crime prevention it should be noted that violent crime on campus is not common.the most prevalent crime our community experiences is theft . university housing advises resident students that they should lock residence hall rooms and that anyone parked on campus should remove valuables from their vehicles . it is also noteworthy to remember that several facilities around campus are open to the public , like the thomas cooper library ; it is not uncommon to see non-students in these areas . care should be taken in these areas to keep personal property under close watch . the following security awareness and training programs are offered by university housing to train/educate housing staff and students residing on campus about campus security procedures and practices and to encourage both employees and students to be responsible for their own security and the security of others training for housing staff all staff members are required to complete an online training course on crisis management and emergency procedures . at the end of each session , employees are required to pass a test on the materials presented all housing staff members participate in another seminar during formal job training on crisis management and university-specific proce - dures . all housing staff members participate in experiential sessions where they problem-solve through different situations and must discern when to apply the procedures they have learned training scenarios include : roommate issues ; fire safety ; alcohol overdose ; suicidal students ; drugs ; sexual assault ; and medical emergencies all housing staff members are trained on the emergency and safety protocol and procedures specific to the building where they work . also included are the security systems in each area , including cameras and card access devices all full-time staff and graduate staff members who live and work in a residence hall are required to complete and pass incident command system ( ics ) training offered through the federal emergency management agency ( fema ) . all staff members who serve in an emergency response capacity are trained in the housing duty system . housing staff members are trained on how to identify and report security issues they discover when working within their assigned build- ings . housing staff members are trained on the visitation policy for their specific buildings crime prevention education for residential students all residential buildings on campus have an orientation that covers many topics , including campus safety when students move into residential halls on campus , each hosts an orientation that addresses campus safety . residential hall floors continue to meet during the academic year to reinforce safety information and discuss new topics and concerns as needed several methods are used to distribute and reinforce information to students to educate them on safety matters . they include : one-on-one meetings with students ; video boards located in residence halls ; email blasts sent to students ; print newsletters ; flyers ; programs and activi- ties ; brochures ; and room inspections . housing staff conduct room inspections in residence halls , during which they check for prohibited items and look for any health and safety concerns . traditional dorms are inspected twice a semester by housing staff , while apartment-style residence halls are inspected monthly . fire extinguishers are checked monthly in apartment style residences . page 28 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . all students are informed about the visitation policy for their specific residence , and held accountable for violations of the policy students who violate housing policy or who create safety hazards are met with individually to be held accountable for their actions and to reinforce their roles as responsible members of our housing and university community other crime prevention programs the office of professional development offers a yearly violence in the workplace workshop for faculty and staff and is in the process of developing new presentations to bring the university in compliance with recent amendments to the violence against women act the university does not have any official student organizations that have housing facilities off-campus there are several recognized student organizations that occupy privately owned houses within the campus boundaries of greek village ; dles responds to calls for services from these houses page 29 annual security and fire safety report monitoring and recording criminal activity including off-campus organizations university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . some official student organizations , including faith based organizations , own private , non-residential facilities off campus . if a local law enforcement agency is called to respond to one of those facilities , they may notify the dles of the situation , although this would be done as a courtesy and not obligation . dles works with neighboring jurisdictions in identifying criminal activity by students at noncampus locations . reporting procedures are established between neighboring jurisdictions and dles to allow for the documentation of criminal activity by university students in those jurisdictions with information provided to the university ’ s office of student conduct and academic integrity . access to campus facilities residence halls most residence hall entrances are staffed with housing personnel these employees are charged with the responsibility of checking the identification of those entering the residences and have direct contact with the division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) by telephone . some residence halls , such as desaussure , thornwell , and woodrow , are apartment-style and have no security guard or housing staff at their entry . all residence halls are within a designated patrol sector and patrolled by dles officers day and night the greek village is also patrolled by campus police officers day and night , and some of the houses located there are equipped with access control systems they are locked at night , and can only be accessed by authorized students and staff classrooms classroom buildings and individual rooms are under the protection of the dles.these buildings are within designated patrol sectors and are patrolled twenty-four hours a day , seven days a week . academic buildings with access control systems can only be entered by authorized persons after hours libraries and other public buildings to maintain a secure campus environment , dles gives extra attention to university areas open to the public in the routine patrol plan . staff located in these areas assist with monitoring the campus environment as well ; thomas cooper library uses closed circuit tv ( cctv ) cameras , and staff check packages and bags as visitors exit the building . all public buildings on campus are staffed with university personnel who are instructed on the best method of contacting dles . dles patrols all public areas and buildings on campus , providing a twenty-four hour law enforcement presence athletic stadiums , coliseums , and arenas cctv and/or alarm devices monitor most of the areas in which athletic contests are held . before , during , and after events , dles officers and/or contract security personnel patrol and maintain a presence in the area to promote a safe environment and report any security issues suspicious activity observed by contract security personnel is reported to dles by two-way radio or telephone . security measures are customized for the activity to be held garages/parking lots some garages and parking lots have cctv cameras , and most have emergency call boxes placed in conspicuous locations . people using the garages and parking lots are encouraged to report any suspicious activity to dles . officers regularly patrol the university ’ s garages and lots page 31 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . general campus in addition to the routine patrol plan of the division of law enforcement and safety , certain days of the week and weekends are chosen in which high visibility patrols are implemented.these patrols are designed to exhibit a concentrated law enforcement presence in areas of the campus frequented by students at night . special campus events are also common sites of high visibility patrols . dles officers and/or contract security , at the request of organizations sponsoring events , provide security at many campus activities security considerations in the maintenance of campus facilities facilities and landscaping are maintained in a manner that minimizes hazardous or unsafe conditions . dles regularly patrols the campus and reports unsafe physical conditions to facility services or housing for correction . housing residents or other members of the university community also report equipment problems or potentially hazardous conditions to dles , housing , or facility services page 32 annual security and fire safety report missing resident students university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . reporting a missing student when anyone has reason to believe that a student who resides in campus housing is missing , they should immediately notify dles at 803-777-4215 or call 911 . dles will generate a missing person report and initiate an investigation . university policy states that when a resident student is missing , reports should be made immediately to any residence life staff member or directly to dles . in the event that residence life staff is made aware that an on-campus residential student is missing , they will immedi-ately contact dles and file a missing person report . housing staff is required to provide law enforcement with the following information : • the name , building , and room number of the student who is considered missing ; • the name ( s ) of those who initially reported the student missing ( friends , roommates , family , etc ) ; • contact information of person ( s ) provided by student in the event the student is determined to be missing ( which is optionally given and kept confidential ) as listed in the assignment database ; and • emergency contact information of the missing student ( which is kept confidential ) courtesy and student welfare inspections parents or legal guardians of a resident student who are unable to contact their child and , who believe that the student may be in danger or have suffered a medical debilitating condition may contact dles . dles will dispatch an officer to the student ’ s on-campus address to determine whether he/she needs emergency assistance the parent or legal guardian will be informed of the student ’ s status subject to any limitations under federal or state law page 34 annual security and fire safety report timely warning notices ( crime alerts , campus safety advisories , and their distribution ) university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . policies for making timely warning reports to members of the campus community the university of south carolina makes timely warnings to the university community regarding certain crimes considered to be a serious or continuing threat to students , faculty , staff , and visitors when reported to the division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) , and such warnings will not compromise an on-going criminal investigation . generally , dles will issue a timely warning for the following crimes , when there is reason to believe that perpetrators of crime may present a threat to the university community and such disclosures would not harm investigation of incident or apprehension of the subject : • murder and non-negligent manslaughter ; • manslaughter by negligence ; • sex offenses ; • robbery ; • aggravated assault ; • burglary ; • motor vehicle theft ; and • arson . a number of factors are considered to determine if there is an ongoing threat to the university community that would make it necessary to issue a timely warning . although the university is not required to provide notification for non-clery act crimes or when the incident does not occur within clery act geography , dles may decide that a warning must be issued if a crime has the potential to compromise the safety of the university circumstances for which a warning will be issued the following factors and circumstances will be considered when issuing a timely warning : • the nature of the crime ; • the continuing danger to the campus community ; and • the possible risk of compromising law enforcement efforts when determining the content of the warning , the university will include as many available details as possible , including : • type of alert ; • location ; • suspect ( s ) description ; • incident summary ; and • any information that promotes safety and aids in the prevention of similar crimes page 36 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . ways warnings are disseminated the university may send timely warnings by various communication media including : • university e-mail ; • carolina alert social media ; • carolina alert rss feed ; • carolina alert website ; and • dles website additionally , warnings or advisories affecting the university community will be posted on the dles web site on the crime alert page : http : //bit.ly/1jgv46m the dles associate vice president-chief of police or his/her designee will be responsible for authorizing and issuing timely warnings , on behalf of the university page 37 annual security and fire safety report emergency response , notification , and evacuation university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety when it is determined that there is an emergency or dangerous situation that poses an imminent threat to the safety or health of the carolina community , specific university personnel are responsible for activating the carolina alert system . the university will immedi- ately notify the appropriate segment ( s ) of campus using one or more of the communication mediums in the carolina alert system . upon receiving a report or notification regarding a significant emergency or dangerous situation involving an immediate threat to the safety or health of the university of south carolina community , the university will confirm the emergency or dangerous situation and determine the content before initiating an emergency notification . notification may not be made if it would compromise or impede efforts to assist victim ( s ) , or contain , respond to , or mitigate the emergency activation authority it is the responsibility of the following authorized persons to confirm an emergency , determine the appropriate segment ( s ) of the campus community to receive a notification , determine the content of the message , and initiate the selected communication media within the carolina alert emergency notification system : • university ’ s division of law enforcement and safety on-duty supervisor ; • university ’ s division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) emergency management coordinator ; • dles officer with the rank of lieutenant or above ; • dles deputy chief ; • dles associate vice president/chief of police ; and • chairperson , university ’ s executive policy group when it is appropriate , the authorized individuals ( or their designees ) will consult the next person in the chain of communication before sending an emergency message . however , if the next person is unavailable , or if time does not allow for a delayed warning , approval is not necessary confirmation of an emergency if the person ( s ) authorized to send a message has not confirmed the emergency first-hand , they will contact the dles on-duty shift supervisor to receive an update they may also choose to contact surrounding law enforcement agencies and emergency response agencies for more information . determining where on campus to send notifications those authorized to send a message will also determine which segment ( s ) of campus will be notified the entire campus community may be notified if there is the potential for a very large segment of the community to be affected by the situation , or when the situation threatens the operation of the entire campus if emergency conditions are isolated to a specific part of campus , notifications may be made to that specific area instead of notifying the entire campus . as the incident progresses , personnel will monitor the situation and notify additional areas of the campus if needed page 39 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . communication media the following is a list of communication media the university may use to send an emergency notification : • carolina alert website : visit www.sc.edu/carolinaalert ; • f acebook ; • twitter ; • university website www.sc.edu ; • outdoor warning sirens ; • tone alert radios ; • voice over fire alarms ; • digital signage ; • alert fm ; • text alerts ; • e-mail ; • emer gency information line ; • 90.5 wusc radio ; • black board announcement ; • fire alarm ; • vehicle public address speakers ; • bullhorns ; and/or • media advisory not all media will be used for every notification . every incident is unique , and authorized personnel will use communication methods based on their reach , effectiveness and location . the following guidelines are used to assist authorized personnel with selecting communication media , and to provide the community an understanding as to which forms of communication may be used in different scenarios requires action : if a situation exists that poses an immediate safety risk and requires persons to change their behavior ( e.g . seek shelter , evacuate ) , information may be pushed using disruptive media ( e.g . sirens , alert fm , text messages , tv message crawler ) . public notification : if a situation exists where persons should be notified about an incident that is not immediately life threatening ( e.g . crime alerts , situations that have already been contained ) , media such as the carolina alert website , social media , or others may be used to communicate the information . determination of message content the person ( s ) authorized to send a message will also determine the content of the message . there are a number of pre-scripted , pre-ap - proved messages from which authorized person ( s ) may choose from . page 40 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . . . . . . . . . . initiating the notification system once the authorized person has confirmed the emergency , selected the areas of campus that need to be notified , chosen the appropriate communication media to use , and determined the content of the message , he/she will call the personnel responsible for physically activating each individual communication method follow-up communication once a mass notification is issued , the person who authorized the notification will immediately contact the university emergency manage - ment team executive policy group . t he initial notification should be followed by a subsequent message ( s ) that provides greater detail of the incident and/or protective action recommendations if the incident requires an extended response time , subsequent information releases should be done so at the discretion of the university public information officer or designee disseminating information to the surrounding community if a dangerous situation exists on campus that has the potential to affect the surrounding columbia community , the person who authorized the alert will notify dles dispatch to call columbia – richland 911 communications center , or the appropriate authority dependent on the nature and type of emergency , to make the determination to initiate its community notification process emergency notification tests the carolina alert system is tested at least once a year to ensure the system is operational and to introduce members of the carolina community to the methods in which they can receive notifications during an emergency the test also provides information regarding what to do in the event of an actual emergency a summary of the university ’ s emergency response and evacuation procedures is distributed in conjunction with at least one annual test per year after each test or activation of the carolina alert system , a brief after action report is written to evaluate the event against measurable goals this document includes : purpose , date / time , whether the test was announced or unannounced , participants , description , successes , shortcomings and corrective action recommendations additional information concerning carolina alert can be found at : www.sc.edu/carolinaalert page 41 annual security and fire safety report alcohol and drug policies and programs to prevent alcohol and drug abuse university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety  the university of south carolina treats the abuse of drugs and alcohol as a serious concern . the university is in compliance with the drug- free schools and communities act of 1989 and has established the office of substance abuse prevention and education ( sape ) , under the guidance of the vice president for student affairs and academic support the university ’ s drug and alcohol policy is made available to all interested parties . students , faculty , and staff are encouraged to read the entire drug and alcohol policies located in the office of the vice president for student affairs and academic support and online at “ sub - stances abuse prevention and education ” , located at https : //www.sa.sc.edu/sape . an alcohol and drug education and counseling program is also provided . additional information is available by calling ( 803 ) 777-3933 . the division of law enforcement and safety ( dles ) works closely with the office of student conduct and academic integrity ( osc ) and sape to educate the student population concerning the responsible use of alcohol . although every situation is different , officers typically refer student violators of the state ’ s alcohol laws to osc for counseling and student discipline violations of the state ’ s underage drinking laws may be enforced through filing appropriate criminal charges and are usually handled by osc with a referral from law enforcement violations of drug laws are usually handled through the local criminal justice system . the vast majority of first time offenders are usually allowed to enter a diversionary program , referred to as pre-trial intervention , which is coordinated by the local solicitor ’ s office . student violators of drug laws are also referred to osc . policy regarding the possession , use , and sale of alcoholic beverages no person under the age of 21 may purchase , possess , or consume any alcoholic beverages , and no person shall sell or give alcoholic beverages to anyone under 21 years of age anywhere at the university of south carolina – columbia . persons and their guests 21 years of age and older may possess and consume alcoholic beverages in individual campus residence hall rooms or apartments on campus , but not in the communal areas of a residence hall on campus such as lounges , balconies , decks , or bathrooms common source containers of alcohol ( e.g. , kegs ) are not permitted on the university of south carolina – columbia premises any time all events sponsored by any entity involving alcoholic beverages in university owned or controlled facilities must be registered through the office of the dean of students . upon submission of the alcohol event registration form , specific information and requirements will be requested any container of alcohol being transported must be sealed and covered while on university premises no person , organization or corporation may sell any kind of alcoholic beverage on the campus of the university , unless there is an alcohol permit to do so no alcohol may be served or consumed in any university building or open space except as provided in the alcohol event registration form . this includes personal consumption as well as consumption at a private party event guidelines for students students must adhere to the student code of conduct and the general guidelines for the university community as well as all federal , state , and local laws and ordinances . in addition , students should be aware of the following that under the family educational rights and privacy act ( “ ferpa ” ) , the university may disclose the result of a disciplinary proceeding to a parent or guardian so long as the student is under the age of 21 at the time of the incident and the proceeding has resulted in a violation of university drug or alcohol policies or any federal , state , or local law the university may also notify a parent or guardian of a student under the age of 21 of any sanction that places the student on housing or conduct probation ( official notice that any additional offense may affect the student ’ s ability to live on campus or attend the university ) , or that results in removal from university housing or the institution ( e.g. , housing removal/relocation , suspension , or expulsion ) . page 43 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety the university may also notify a parent or guardian upon a second violation of the university alcohol policy . finally , the university ’ s student care and outreach team will notify a parent or guardian of a student under the age of 21 where the consumption of alcohol has resulted in the hospitalization of the student . for more information or for consent to release information waiver , refer to the office of student conduct policy regarding the possession , use , and sale of illegal drugs the university of south carolina – columbia supports strict enforcement of laws concerning the possession , consumption , and distribution of illegal drugs and controlled substances as set forth in the south carolina code of laws , title 44 , chapter 53 . students , as citizens , are responsible for knowing about and complying with south carolina laws concerning illegal drugs and the use of other controlled substances students are responsible for abiding by the student code of conduct and local , state , and federal laws whether on or off campus . failure to do so can result in criminal , civil , and university proceedings and sanctions . students and student organizations that are in violation of the law are also violating the student code of conduct and can be held accountable under both separate systems violations of the university ’ s drug policy as well as other regulations contained in the carolina community will be referred to appropriate university offices the risks associated with the misuse of alcohol , illegal drugs , prescription medications , and other substances are numerous and include physical and mental impairment , emotional and psychological deterioration , addiction , infectious disease , and adverse effects on pregnancy there are obvious risks , such as suffering a hangover , driving under the influence or committing other crimes , and sustaining or causing personal injury there are a number of less obvious risks associated with alcohol and other drug misuse that students and employees may not realize , including : poor academic and/or job performance , initiating nonconsensual sexual activity , and jeopardizing future career prospects . in addition , alcohol and other drug misuse puts the user at considerable health risk , which can include nausea , vomiting , cancer , liver damage , elevated blood pressure , psychotic episodes , hallucinations , and overdose leading to death . a chart on the uses and effects of controlled substances can be found https : //bit.ly/2vkejjb substance abuse prevention and education the substance abuse prevention and education office ( sape ) is located on the third floor of the strom thurmond wellness and fitness center and is open monday through friday during regular business hours . sape provides resources about alcohol and other drugs including dvds , flyers , brochures , journal and newspaper articles , and local and nationwide data from surveys . sape maintains relation-ships with and listings of alcohol and drug support groups and resources in the columbia and midlands area of south carolina . educational programs students taking initiative and responsibility ( stir ) : the mission of stir is to help students identify high-risk behavior , reflect on their decision making skills , and take action towards making safer choices and reducing potential negative consequences the course design is a two-session individualized meeting with sape graduate students . participants are typically sanctioned to the stir program by their conduct administrators for an alcohol or drug violation , but students may also voluntarily take part to explore their choices about substance use alcoholedu : alcoholedu is a required educational program and assessment that measures students ’ attitudes and perceptions about substance use and abuse the course is taken in two parts , both of which are completed online . part i takes about two and a half hours to complete , and is done before the student arrives on campus . part ii takes approximately 15 minutes , and is taken 30-45 days after the first part is completed . all new and transfer undergraduate students must complete alcoholedu sexual assault prevention for undergraduates : this program is a required educational and training module about sexual assault prevention . the course uses realistic scenarios and skill-building exercises . similar in structure to alcoholedu , it is broken into two parts . part i takes around an hour and a half to complete . after a 30-45 day waiting period , students must complete part ii , which takes about 15 minutes page 44 annual security and fire safety report criminal statistics university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety how we compile these statistics a primary part of the annual security and fire safety report is the statistics related to crime that have occurred at the university during the preceding calendar year to assist in evaluating the statistics in context , the preceding three calendar years are provided for your review dles , in compiling the annual statistics , coordinates with law enforcement partners as well as university campus security authorities dles , along with the richland county sheriff ’ s department and the city of columbia police department , share information about criminal incidents through the lexis/nexis community crime map community crime map the community crime map ( www.communitycrimemap.com ) is a crime mapping program made available to both the general public and law enforcement.the program allows site visitors to see crime data over a map of the county through the community crime map system , dles , the richland county sheriff ’ s department , and city of columbia police department can share crime data , crime intelligence , and criminal reports this program also allows dles , when compiling the annual security and fire safety report to directly retrieve informa-tion about crimes occurring off campus or on public property investigated by another agency a public version of the community crime map program is also available the public system allows a user to search crimes by address or by clicking on columbia , south carolina.the user interface shows a map of a particular area with incidents clearly marked . by clicking on the incident location pin , the user obtains basic information about the incident such as : type of crime ; location type ; block-level address ; and incident date and time sex offender data sex offender data is maintained and provided by the south carolina law enforcement division ( sled ) , which may be accessed via the following link : http : //scor.sled.sc.gov registered sex offenders are prohibited from living in campus student housing . individuals found in the registry are not necessarily students , faculty , or staff . individuals registered may carry on a vocation at the university of south carolina such as a contractor or subcon-tractor . crime data the clery act requires the university to report data regarding specific crimes that happen within a defined geographical area to the united states department of education and then disclose the data to the general community this area is referred to as “ clery geography ” and encompasses on campus ( including the subset of on campus residence halls ) , non-campus , and public property these terms create consistency in the way crime data is collected and reported across college campuses for purposes of the clery act and understanding disclosed data , the following definitions are used : 1 ) on-campus is defined as either – a . a ny property – owned or c ontrolled by the university ; that is reasonably contiguous to other university owned property ; and that is used by the university in direct support or in relation to the university ’ s educational purpose or page 46 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety b . any property – owned but not controlled by the university ; that is used frequently by university students ; and that is used to support the university ’ s educational purpose . 2 ) non-campus is defined as either – a . a ny property – owned or controlled by the university ; that is used by the university to support its educational purposes ; that is frequently used by students ; and is not c onsidered part of the core campus . or b . any property – owned or controlled by a student organization ; and that the student organization is officially recognized by the university . 3 ) public p roperty is defined as any property owned or controlled by governmental entities such as thoroughfares , streets , sidewalks , and parking facilities ; that is within the campus , or immediately adjacent to and accessible from the campus . an example of on-campus property would be many of the university classrooms and buildings located throughout its core campus . non-campus areas include williams-brice stadium . public property would be the public sidewalk located in front of the horseshoe the crimes are collectively referred to as “ clery crimes ” , the clery crimes consist of four categories of offenses : 1 ) index crimes ; 2 ) violence against women act crimes ; 3 ) hate crimes ; and 4 ) possession crimes the index crimes include : 1 ) murder/non-negligent manslaughter ; 2 ) manslaughter by negligence ; 3 ) sexual assault 4 ) robbery ; 5 ) aggravated assault ; 6 ) burglary ; 7 ) motor vehicle theft ( including mopeds ) ; and 8 ) arson . the violence against women act crimes include : 1 ) domestic violence ; 2 ) dating violence ; and 3 ) stalking hates crimes are defined as “ a criminal offense committed against a person or property which is motivated , in whole or in part , by the offender ’ s bias ” where hate is a motivating factor the university is required to report hate crimes that involve any index crime as well as any of the following : 1 ) larceny-theft ; 2 ) simple assault ; 3 ) intimidation ; or 4 ) destruction/damage/vandalism of property possession crimes include violations of law for the following crimes : 1 ) weapons possession ; 2 ) drug offenses ; and 3 ) alcohol offenses page 47 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety criminal statistics for index crimes criminal offenses total on campus on campus residence halls non-campus public property ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 murder/non-negligent manslaughter 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 manslaughter by negligence 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 rape 5 9 8 2 9 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 fondling 11 1 4 1 1 3 0 0 0 1 0 1 incest 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 statutory rape 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 robbery 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 aggravated assault 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 0 arson 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 burglar y 14 10 8 6 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 motor vehicle theft 15 12 19 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 2 4 criminal statistics for vawa offenses vawa offenses total on campus on campus residence halls non-campus public property ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 18 ‘ 19 ‘ 21 domestic violence 2 1 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 dating violence 6 3 2 4 2 2 0 0 2 0 0 2 stalking 12 4 11 3 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 page 48 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety criminal arrests for violations for illegal weapons , drugs , & alcohol arrests for weapons , drugs , & alcohol total on campus on campus residence halls non-campus public property ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 illegal weapons possession 0 0 6 0 0 1 0 0 0 6 5 11 drug law violations 83 9 6 63 5 0 0 0 1 85 19 27 liquor law violations 9 2 4 5 2 1 1 0 2 15 16 16 disciplinary referrals for illegal weapons , drugs , & alcohol disciplinary referrals for weapons , drugs , & alcohol total on campus on campus residence halls non-campus public property ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 ‘ 19 ‘ 20 ‘ 21 illegal weapons possession 2 2 3 2 2 3 1 0 0 1 0 0 drug law violations 80 79 112 67 54 70 12 0 17 10 0 17 liquor law violations 635 773 564 537 705 455 16 12 3 16 0 6 hate crimes the university did not experience any hate crimes , as defined by federal law , in 2019 . however , in 2020 victims at the university experi- enced two hate crimes . the first was for intimidation of a victim under the “ on campus ” category . the second was for aggravated assault against victims while “ on campus ” . in 2021 , there was 1 hate crime for intimidation of a victim under the “ on campus ” category . unfounded the university ’ s division of law enforcement and safety unfounded or determined the following number of crimes , otherwise reportable were unfounded : 2019 = 1 unfounded case ; 2020 = 2 unfounded cases ; 2020 = 0 unfounded cases page 49 annual security and fire safety report annual fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety fire log the housing facility fire log is kept at the dles records unit located at 1415 henderson street , columbia , south carolina 29208 . the log includes this log includes the nature , date , time , and location of each fire education , training , drills , evacuation , reporting all resident mentors for each housing facility are trained in the use of fire extinguishers ( to include use of with a live fire exercise ) , building evacuation , proper reporting of fires , the prohibitive use of extension cords and oversized light bulbs , blocking of fire sprinklers , and fire alarm equipment the training each resident mentor receives is then provided to residents of each residence hall in the first weekly meeting after move-in . dles fire safety provides training to faculty , staff , students and food service vendors on campus the training is tailored to the audience to provide the most applicable information related to their environment the training consists of how to safely evacuate a building during a fire situation or other emergency , by outlining exit awareness and potential obstacles the training also includes how to minimize the opportunity for fire and the proper procedures for reporting a fire the class is finalized with fire extinguisher training that includes a summary on the types of fire extinguishers and the proper technique for discharging them , with the participants having the opportunity to discharge a fire extinguisher on a controlled fire in accordance with state law and for the safety of students , fire drills are conducted at various times throughout the semester . all persons must vacate the building during drills and remain outside until instructed to return by residence hall staff . evacuation procedures are posted in each residence hall dles holds an annual “ fire safety awareness day ” to coincide with “ national fire safety week ” in october of each year . during the event a mock residence hall room is constructed and fire hazards are intentionally created within the room . students are encouraged to identify the hazard to win prizes the columbia fire department assists and displays equipment and rescue techniques the room is set on fire at the end of the event to demonstrate how quickly a room will burn and how important it is to follow established fire safety policies and procedures all students and employees must evacuate the building or residence hall in the event of a fire and follow the below procedures : some of these actions can be taken simultaneously : the building shall be evacuated . in those buildings that have coded alarm systems in which the alarm rings only on the floor where the pull station is activated , the general alarm shall be sounded to alert all occupants to evacuate ; dles shall be notified by dialing 911 ; supervisory personnel should search the area in which the alarm was activated to determine the location of the fire ; the determination if an alarm is a “ nuisance fire alarm ” shall be made by columbia fire department . if the fire department is not present , this determination shall be made by a representative from dles – fire safety office ; and page 51 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety the fire alarm shall be silenced and reset only by a representative from the columbia fire department or dles when directed to do so by one of the aforementioned entities the university requires any fire to be immediately reported to the appropriate local authorities to include dles . portable electrical appliances and open flames the cooking of food in residence halls is primarily restricted to established kitchens the only cooking equipment allowed in rooms are underwriters laboratories ( ul ) approved appliances that have no exposed heating coils ( such as coffee pots and sandwich makers ) , and microwave ovens which do not exceed one cubic foot and/or 700 watts of power . one privately owned refrigerator per resident is permitted provided it does not exceed limitations established by the university . extension cords and multiple socket plugs are prohibited due to electrical circuitry design limitations as well as health , fire , and safety regulations . surge protectors with a circuit breaker and an on/off switch are approved for use in rooms or apartments . only one surge protector may be plugged into a socket and at no time may one surge protector be plugged into another surge protector in conjunction with university policy , smoking and the use of tobacco products is prohibited on all campus property . all members of the university residence hall community , including visitors and vendors working on campus , are expected to comply with this policy no person shall start a fire or create a fire hazard on university property without university authorization.this regulation is also intended to prohibit the possession and/or use of candles , torches , incense burners , other open flame apparatus , as well as extension cords and other devices or materials which may create a fire hazard if used without authorization or in unauthorized areas including , but not limited to , residence hall rooms misuse of fire alarms and safety equipment no person shall make , or cause to be made , a false fire alarm , or emergency report of any kind . no person shall tamper with , damage , disable or misuse fire safety equipment including , but not limited to , fire extinguishers , fire hoses , fire alarms , and fire doors plans for future improvement there are no current plans to modify the university ’ s residential fire detection and warning systems at this time fire alarm system monitoring and fire extinguishers all fire alarm systems in residence halls are monitored through central reporting . all residence halls have fire extinguishers installed per national standards and undergo four fire drills per year page 52 annual security and fire safety report university of south carolina division of law enforcement and safety . university residential facilities the following residential facilities have fire safety systems with addressable fire alarms and are fully sprinkled . the term “ addressable fire alarm ” as used in these statistics includes devices that provide exact location , for example , suite number , bedroom number , flow switch location , etc . of alarm initiation . the location of the residence facility is also provided below the name of the facility . all university residen- tial facilities undergo four fire drills per calendar year . • harper/elliott ( 902 sumter st. ) • sims ( 1501 devine st. ) • delta zeta ( 514 lincoln st. ) • thornwell ( 1420 pendleton st. ) • patterson ( 1520 devine st. ) • kappa kappa gamma ( 520 lincoln st. ) • nada apartments ( 820 henderson st. ) • south tower ( 614 bull st. ) • beta theta pi ( 527 lincoln st. ) • mcclintock ( 720 bull st. ) • south quad ( 500 sumter st. ) • phi mu ( 6 fraternity circle ) • preston college ( 1323 greene st. ) • east quad ( 1400 blossom st. ) • sigma nu ( 515 lincoln st. ) • rutledge college ( 902 sumter st. ) • green quad a ( 1216 a wheat st. ) • sigma alpha epsilon ( 509 lincoln st. ) • maxcy ( 1332 pendleton st. ) • green quad b ( 1216 wheat st. ) • alpha delta pi ( 508 gadsden st. ) • desaussure ( 902 sumter st. ) • green quad c ( 1216 c wheat st. ) • kappa delta ( 514 gadsden st. ) • capstone ( 902 barnwell st. ) • park place ( 506 huger st. ) • younion ( 1000 whaley st. ) fires at university residential facilities • alpha gamma delta ( 502 lincoln st. ) • bates house ( 1423 whaley st. ) • delta delta delta ( 520 gadsden st. ) • columbia hall ( 918 barnwell st. ) • bates west ( 1405 whaley st. ) • pi beta phi ( 526 gadsden st. ) • woodrow ( 1415 greene st. ) • wade hampton ( 1528 greene st. ) • chi psi ( 508 lincoln st. ) • pinckney/legare ( 902 sumter st. ) • honors residence ( 1215 blossom st. ) • gamma phi beta ( 527 gadsden st. ) • mcbryde a ( 1309 blossom st. ) • alpha chi omega ( 515 gadsden st. ) • pi kappa phi ( 4 fraternity circle ) • mcbryde b ( 1311 blossom st. ) • chi omega ( 509 gadsden st. ) • kappa alpha ( 521 lincoln st. ) • mcbryde c ( 1313 blossom st. ) • kappa sigma ( 808 mark buyck way ) • alpha gamma delta ( 502 lincoln st. ) • mcbryde f ( 611 marion st. ) • zeta tau alpha ( 814 mark buyck way ) • 650 lincoln building a/b ( 650 lincoln st. ) • 650 lincoln building d ( 700 lincoln st. ) • mcbryde g ( 613 marion st. ) • alpha xi delta ( 820 mark buyck ) the following fires occurred at a university residential facility in the previous three years 2021 - none 2020 - none 2019 - ( 1 ) delta zeta house ( 514 lincoln street ) - fire resulting from a plastic cutting board catching fire while on a stove being used to prepare meals . estimated damage to property was $ 165 including disposal of all exposed food products . no injuries reported . ( 2 ) honors residence ( 1215 blossom street ) - a mechanical fire occured on a trash compactor located in a garbage shoot . there was no report of monetary damages and no injuries . page 53 annual security and fire safety report