Objective:-

To reach the pinnacle of professional career, being in your university will help me get a
better understanding of my subjects and have abundant opportunities to grow and explore in my
field.

PROJECTS:

1.Mini Project:

Smart Door Lock

Title:
Duration:

January-March 2017

Objective: Our

project is a raspberry pie based smart lock which can be unlocked and locked

using smartphone.

This smart lock is secure,simple,and easy to manage your home’s lock.This lock needs no
keys and the lock is attached inside the door and you can control it from outside the door.
As the lock is inside the door there is no way to break the lock.If we are outside and visitors
are waiting for us,we can connect it through smartphone and open the door.

Smart door lock working algorithm

:

1 . In this project we have a raspberry pie board which

is the core of the design interfacing the smartphone with the door lock for locking or unlocking

the same .

Door lock is controlled by servo motors, which is activated by the pie on receiving the

•
command from the communicating device (here smartphone).

•

A Wi-Fi/Bluetooth module is also provided for remotely controlling the door using an

android application . 4.As per commands given in the app the door is locked/unlocked.

Software used:
Hardware used:

Android studio,Java script.

Raspberry pie,High torque servo motor,Led lights,Jumper

wires,Solenoid,Minimum -1GB RAM,Minimum -4GB ROM.

Role: I have worked on the backend programming and the connectivity of the
the application.

Raspberry pie

to

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2.Major Project:

Title: Twitter trends manipulation analysis
January-March 2017
Duration:

Objective: We study Twitter trending at topic level, considering topics’ popularity, coverage,
transmission, potential coverage, and reputation. The corresponding dynamics for each factor
above are extracted, and then Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier is used to check how
accurately a factor could predict trending. We further illustrate the interaction pattern between
malicious accounts and authenticated accounts, with respect to trending.
We present the threat of malicious manipulation of Twitter trending, given compromised and
fake accounts in the suspect spamming infrastructure we observed. Then we demonstrate how
compromised and fake accounts could threaten Twitter trending by simulating the manipulation
of dynamics as compromised and fake accounts would do. Corresponding countermeasures are
then discussed.

Software used:

Operating System: Windows 7, 8, 10 , Language: HTML, CSS, Servlets, IDE:

Netbeans.

MYSQL

Database used:
Role: I have worked on the backend programming and the connectivity of the database to the
application.

Technical Qualification:-

• Languages known   :  C , C++, Java.

• Databases                :   SQL.

• Operating Systems  :   Windows XP, Vista, 7; Linux Platforms

• Area Of Interest

: Web Developer, Android Application development, Computer

Networks, Operating system.

CO-Curricular Activities:-

•

•

•

Certificate of participation in ENVOYAGE WORKSHOP at VNR VJIET.

Certificate of appreciation from digithon (cultivating Digital Literacy) conducted by

Telangana information Technology Association(TITA).

Organizer for Rainbow Wakathon event held in Hyderabad.

 
 
 
 
 
•

Volunteer for THE TECH FEST-India’s largest technology and design conference.

Declaration:

I hereby declare that the above information furnished by me is true to the best of my

Knowledge and belief.

